LICENSE AGREEMENT

The attached font 'SWANSEA' is Copyright [c] Roger White - all 
rights reserved. In using this font it will be taken that you have read and 
agreed to the following conditions:-

DISTRIBUTION.

The font archives must contain all of the files specified:-

Postscript Type 1 package - SWANSE__.ZIP contains:-

SWANSE__.AFM
SWANSE__.PFB
SWANSE__.PFM
SWANSE__.INF
SWANSE__.TXT

TrueType package - SWANSE__.ZIP Contains:-

SWANSE__.TTF
SWANSE__.TXT

This font has been made available as Type 1 and Truetype for the PC.
Alteration of the character set of the font, and conversion to any 
other font format is expressly forbidden.

PAYMENT FOR USE

Provided this font is used for personal purposes then no fee is payable to 
the author for it's use. You may use this font yourself and may pass on 
copies to your friends provided that the copy contains all of the files 
from the original package. Distribution can be by electronic means or on 
floppy disk.

If this font is used for commercial purposes then the user agrees to make a 
one off payment to the author of £25.00.

If this font is distributed as part of a collection which has not been 
compiled by the author, whether on floppy disk, CD-ROM or any other such 
media, the distributor agrees to pay to the author a royalty of £0.01 for 
each of the authors fonts which are included in the collection, for each 
copy of the collection which is sold.

If this font is distributed on the cover of a magazine, whether on floppy 
disk, cd-rom or any other medium, then the magazine agrees to pay to the 
author the sum of £0.01 for each of the authors fonts included in the 
collection, multiplied by the certified number of copies of the magazine 
circulated.

ABOUT THE FONT

'SWANSEA' is a high quality font containing full hinting for correct
rendering at small point sizes and a total of 784 kerning pairs for correct
character spacing. It is supplied 'as is' and no waranty is implied or given
by the author. The font is usable for both body text and for headlines and
renders well at any size from 8 point upwards. The font contains a full 
range of upper and lower case letters together with the figures 0 to 9 and 
a full range of punctuation. There is a full range of diacritics, some of 
which are non-standard as they have been developed to take account of the 
additional characters necessary for printing in the Welsh language. It was
hand traced in order to achieve a high quality outline and compiled using 
Type Designer 3.1. This font represents aproximately 400 manhours
of work.

The character set of the font coincides with those specified in ISO 8859-1
with the exception of the following characters:-

Alt + 0178   I umlaut
Alt + 0179   U umlaut
Alt + 0180   W circumflex
Alt + 0181   Y circumflex
Alt + 0182   i umlaut
Alt + 0183   u umlaut
Alt + 0184   w circumflex
Alt + 0185   y circumflex

The latest version of this font is always available for download from the 
file list of the fonts conference on the Cix conferencing system. The author 
would appreciate notification of any problems experienced with this font 
together with any suggestions for improvements.

Roger White,
1, Owens Close,
Rugeley,
Staffs,
WS15 2YH,
England.

rogerwhite@cix.co.uk
